**Day 44: Integrating Azure Event Hub with Virtual Machines**

The Nautilus DevOps team wants to integrate an Azure Virtual Machine with Azure Event Hubs for centralized log collection. Follow these steps to complete the task:

Create Azure Event Hubs Namespace:

Create an Event Hubs namespace named nautilus-namespace in the East US region.
Select the Standard pricing tier. Make sure to enable Enable Auto-inflate.
Create an Event Hub:

Within the namespace, create an Event Hub named nautilus-hub.
Verify the Virtual Machine Configuration:

A VM named nautilus-vm already exists.
A Python script named send_logs.py already exists on the VM under /home/azureuser. This script is used to send logs to the Event Hub. Make sure to execute this script mutiple times.
Verify Logs:

Ensure the logs are successfully sent to the Event Hub by checking the Event Hubs metrics in the Azure portal.

Notes:

Create the resources only in the East US region.
Use the existing VM nautilus-vm to send logs.
Verify the Event Hubs metrics to confirm successful log ingestion.

**Solution**

* Search for event hub
* Click event hub-->create
* Enter the namespace name
* Choose pricing tier, region and enable auto-inflate
* Click review+create
* Go to the created resource
* Click + Event Hub on the top
* Enter the event hub name and click review+create
* Go to the existing VM-->Security-->Identity
* Enable system identity status to "ON"-->Click save
* Go to created namespace-->settings-->Shared access policies
* View the default access policies and copy the primary or seconday connection string which was generated by default.
* Login to the VM using ssh
* Edit the python file from the given location and add the connection string.
* Execute the python script multiple times as given.
* Go to event hub-->click the created namespace
* From the overview tab-->scroll down to view the VM logs. 
